he was 25 years old he combed his hair
like James Dean
he was very fastidious people who
littered bothered him
she was 15 she took music lessons and
could twirl a baton I'm kid I'm not
keeping you from anything important am i
no she wasn't very popular at school for
a while they lived together in a tree
house in 1959 they murdered a lot of
people of course I had to keep all this
a secret from my dad he would have had a
fit
since kid was 10 years older than me and
came from the wrong side of the tracks
so called
I don't want you to hang around anymore
I want to see you again understand then
sure enough dad found out I've been
running around behind his back he was
madder than I never seen him he made me
take extra music lessons every day after
school and wait there till he came to
pick me up he said that if the piano
didn't keep me off the streets
maybe the clarinet would my girl Holly
and I had decided to kill ourselves same
way I did her dad
nobody's coming out of this thing happy
especially not us
I can deny was hatful on them we hid out
in the wilderness down by River and a
grove of cottonwoods he'd be in the
flood season we built their house in the
trees we planned a huge network of
tunnels under the forest floor and her
first order of business every morning
was to decide on a new password
he gave me lectures on how gun works how
to take it apart and put it back
together again
in case I had to carry on without him he
said that if the devil came at me I
could shoot him with a gun hey listen to
your parents and teachers they got a
light on those things so don't treat him
like enemies
there's always an outside chance you
learn something try to keep an open mind
try to understand the viewpoints of
others I think I got him I don't know
well I'm not going down there and look
consider the minority opinion but try to
get along with the majority of opinion
once it's except where's Holly and I
have had fun even if it has been rushed
so far we're doing fine hadn't got
caught excuse the grammar
[Music]